Updates for Starport `0.17.0` (#708)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: interchain-exchange/tutorial/04-order-pairs.md

> If the pair does not exist yet, it can be added to the keeper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the pair does not exist, you can add it to the keeper.
```

Reviewer: - we don't need "yet" after exist 
- can we use imperative language and have the user add the pair to the keeper?

> When the acknowledgement is successful, add the sell order book to the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the acknowledgement is successful, add the sell order book to the database.
```

Reviewer: - when implies "right then" can we instead use "after" for the sequence of actions? 
(and hiya!)

## No Consequences OnTimeout

> A timeout will have no consequences in our scenario. The order book will not be acknowledged 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A timeout will have no consequences in our scenario. The order book will not be acknowledged.
```
